I thought it's on that again
I think I'm going mad
Lara your father's call at some point we
have to face up to who we are who were
meant to be I think I know where my dad
went that's right in the middle of the
devil sea it would be an adventure death
isn't hunting an adventure
[Music]
what are you doing here Laura seven
years I've been on this island your
father they put me here I see the
lightness intelligence some recklessness
what do you know about my father
[Music]
Laura there was more to my life than
boardrooms and business deals there's an
organization called Trinity to start a
global genocide you dad Jim you had a
bigger holiday got a knack for the
unexpected
you must stop the Lera
promise me
[Music]
ladies first
open the dude
[Music]
put it down your finger that's pulling
this trigger you messed with the wrong
family
[Music]
[Applause]
good day losers that's not a knife
that's a knife leave that look at me
look at the knife plan
all right cover your eyes right go
around okay yeah good
[Music]
if we gotta move now
Thanks
[Applause]
what's out
so John do you want to tell us about
your drinking well I started drinking
when I was 13 I liked it a lot and I
never stopped this doesn't just go away
you have to fight with it or you'll die
[Music]
something really profound it's happening
you've caused so much pain
you know just a human
[Music]
[Applause]
bunch of glad you made us Sean doesn't
like this well of course I like you
Shawn you are doing the right thing here
she needs to get better I promise you
treatment for your wife your drug mule
Shawn
don't think for a second you're anything
more something feels off about this
right now just tell me that everything's
gonna be okay everything will be okay
there's a change of plans and you drop
zone from this point on you take in
every ten minute this isn't the plan
they rerouted me
I need those coordinates don't forget
the deal you give me the cartel Jed gets
her surgery
would you miss smokes as your wife is
gone they have been who does her
No
Du Bois let's do it
they've been waiting for a second chance
waiting for their country to need them
again
that time yes meow
you guys give me if I killed that bird
Barbara that's a bald eagle get away
Baldy guys what do I win a one-way
ticket to hell it turns out the
french-canadian town st. George junior
Raw is actually on American soil
you'll be phasing out a Canadian Mountie
unit best behavior boy not our idea of a
good time either fellas personally I'd
rather [ __ ] a moose you wouldn't need a
ladder to do that Wow let's give a big
Canadian welcome to the venmo hi wait
that's far guys they've come up here to
tell us how great it's gonna be for all
of us to become Americans
this is happening yes - who survey I
killed Vitas was alleged in either of
you speak English I did we would like to
eat your paper can you show me your
party papers this time everything will
be by the book everything
Tim Hortons ghost we're gonna get for
you guys whole beer
Mira Cola what did you say do you want a
liter of Cola Canada's pretty awesome
don't do that
did I shoot him
Oh
Frere Jacques a grey poupon machi de
saturated with feather duster Co are so
lame is Rob Liefeld catcher Luc
Robitaille doubt dannion PA Fran
Tarkenton T not was their process
[Music]
[Applause]
I propose we call a doctor
all the best doctors are dead I can't
remember it was alive ago isn't this
Comrade Stalin not safe in here I need
to stop writing together a plan how
could you run imply at the same time we
should get down this children oh no
you're not even a person your testicle
everything's gonna be fine exactly fine
is it my father sign there with his head
open
Stalin would have wanted the committee
as long all those in favor
Terry you animus Lee
ruched not first but not first Bruce
would you stop with this I want to make
a speech at my father's funeral no no
problem
technically yes but practically when I
said no problem what I meant was no
problem ignore me I'm sorry but I am
very furious you're the good guy now you
locked up half the nation
yes I'm not releasing
Oh
I've been picking out funeral cushions
with slim Hitler over there
so smell one
Valley mobile nothingness
don't worry nobody's gonna get killed I
promise you
[Music]
I've had nightmares that make no sense
unless
[Music]
hey guys how was the party it was really
fun
faces he's wearing a woman's sweater and
he's drunk
well he didn't drive drunk and he's home
before curfew so that's what I thought
we not me yeah we're good parents my
name's Simon the most part my life is
totally normal
I have a family that I actually like and
there's my friends we do everything
friends do we drink way too much diet
off you walk gorging on carbs so I'm
just like you except I have one huge ass
secret hey I like your boots I said I
like your boots
goodbye nobody knows I'm gay
[Music]
have you seen the new post about the
closeted gay kid at school
what who do you think it is can I call
you back you're blue I'm just like you
this was in this stage it's nice to know
there's another guy at school with the
same secret when did you first realize
it was a bunch of little things like my
first girlfriend I think I'm fine with
you
Wow thank you be right back wasn't my
proudest moment sometimes I think I'm
destined to care so much about one
person it nearly kills me me too I'm
done living in a world where I don't get
to be Who I am
I deserve a great love story and I want
someone to share with
[Music]
have you ever been in love
I think so
these last few years it's almost like I
can feel you holding your breath I'm
supposed to be the one that decides when
and where and who knows that's supposed
to be my thing
his claim this is about to get Bo Mantic
his f you're not in a happy are you
she's cute but she's just not really my
type
not because she's black I love black
women not like you know I have a thing
for black women I just I just I just
love all women
[Music]